Add section to the custom field documentation on ORM filtering. (#2431)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/models/extras/customfield.md

Filtering on an object's list view follows the same pattern as [custom field filtering on the API](../../rest-api/filtering.md#filtering-by-custom-field).

> When using the ORM, you can filter on custom fields as follows (assuming a custom field of string type called 'site_code' was created for Site objects):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the ORM, you can filter on custom fields using `_custom_field_data__<field name>` (note the underscore before `custom_field_data` and the double-underscore before the field name). For example, if a custom field of string type with a `name` of  `"site_code"` was created for Site objects, you could filter as follows:
```

```python
from nautobot.dcim.models import Site

> all_sites = Site.objects.all()  # -> ['Raleigh', 'Charlotte']
> filtered_sites = Site.objects.filter(_custom_field_data__site_code="US-NC-RAL42")  # -> ['Raleigh']

Reviewer: Perhaps build on the example a bit:

```suggestion
all_sites = Site.objects.all()  # -> ['Raleigh', 'Charlotte', 'Greensboro']
filtered_sites_1 = Site.objects.filter(_custom_field_data__site_code="US-NC-RAL42")  # -> ['Raleigh']
filtered_sites_2 = Site.objects.filter(_custom_field_data__site_code__in=["US-NC-RAL42", "US-NC-CLT22"])  # -> ['Raleigh', 'Charlotte']
```

> filtered_sites = Site.objects.filter(_custom_field_data__mycustomfield="US-NC-RAL42")  # -> ['Raleigh']

Reviewer 2: Shouldn’t it be site_code? Based on the prior description

Author: That is of course correct - fixed.
